OSDOCS-10526 updated billing into module (#77443)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-sdpolicy-am-billing.adoc

// * rosa_architecture/rosa_policy_service_definition/rosa-service-definition.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="rosa-sdpolicy-billing_{context}"]
= Billing and pricing

> ROSA is billed directly to your AWS account. ROSA pricing can be consumption based, with annual commitments or three-year commitments for greater discounting. The total cost of ROSA consists of two components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-rosa} is billed directly to your {aws-first} account. ROSA pricing can be consumption based, with annual commitments or three-year commitments for greater discounting. The total cost of ROSA consists of two components:
```

> ROSA is billed directly to your AWS account. ROSA pricing can be consumption based, with annual commitments or three-year commitments for greater discounting. The total cost of ROSA consists of two components:

Reviewer: Just a small wording suggestion
```suggestion
{product-rosa} is billed directly to your {aws-first} account. ROSA pricing is based on an annual commitment or three-year commitment. The total cost of ROSA consists of two components:
```

Reviewer: If you choose to keep it the way it is I would change "can be" to "is" is it is based on the commitment you choose.
```suggestion
product-rosa} is billed directly to your {aws-first} account. ROSA pricing is consumption based, with annual commitments or three-year commitments for greater discounting. The total cost of ROSA consists of two components:
```

* ROSA service fees
* AWS infrastructure fees

> Visit the link:https://aws.amazon.com/rosa/pricing/[AWS pricing page] for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit link:https://aws.amazon.com/rosa/pricing/[{product-rosa} Pricing] for more details.
```

> Visit link:https://aws.amazon.com/rosa/pricing/[{product-title} Pricing] page on the AWS website for more details.

Reviewer 2: I would either add a "the" in front of the link or remove "page" after it, right now it sounds like it's missing something:
```suggestion
Visit the link:https://aws.amazon.com/rosa/pricing/[{product-title} Pricing] page on the AWS website for more details.
```
```suggestion
Visit link:https://aws.amazon.com/rosa/pricing/[{product-title} Pricing] on the AWS website for more details.
```
